feat(withTimeout): add withTimeout function (#210)
toss/es-toolkit: docs/reference/promise/timeout.md

# timeout

If it responds later than the specified time, it is treated as a `TimeoutError` error.

This function returns a Promise that resolves after the specified timeout, allowing you to use it
with async/await to timeout execution.

## Signature

```typescript

> function timeout(ms: number): Promise<void>;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
function timeout(ms: number): Promise<never>;
```

```

### Parameters

> - `ms` (`number`): The number of milliseconds to timeout.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `ms` (`number`): The number of milliseconds for the promise to reject with `TimeoutError`.
```

### Returns

> (`Promise<void>`): A Promise that resolves after the specified timeout.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(`Promise<never>`): A Promise that rejects after the specified timeout.
```
